the haters always say Tonya tell the
truth there's no such thing as truth
everyone has their own truth I was the
best figure skater in the world at one
point in time
call out a clean skate stop talking to
her that girl is your enemy Jeff was my
first date ever and my mom came today to
see a wholesome American family I don't
have a wholesome American family well
that's every year fault was embarrassed
for you my entire life I've been told
when the mouth anything
you know what maybe I would
oh boy how do I get a fair shot here we
also judge on presentation getting even
even the playing field I know God
couldn't even be saying his name Derek
I never did
[Applause]
always going on we're with the FBI they
know something what can you tell us
about Tonya Harding
I don't know it Toni hearted huh aren't
you her bodyguard
[Music]
when I was a kid did you ever love me I
made you a champion knowing you'd hate
me for it that's the sacrifice a mother
makes accursed me they want someone to
love come on
what kind of friggin person bashes in
their friend's knee who'd do that to a
friend
[Music]